Please complete one copy of this form for each paper that you are
given to review.

Authors will not know through this process who reviewed any
submission; it is recommended that this remain anonymous.

Each review form should be returned as a plain text file with the file
name:
SURNAME-FIRSTNAME-STUDENTNUMBER-CS7IS4-REVIEW-GROUPn.txt
where n in "GROUPn" is replaced by the cardinal number corresponding
to that of the group who submitted the article to review, and where
STUDENTNUMBER and SURNAME are that of the *reviewer*.

If the SURNAME is more than one name, insert a hyphen between each.

These should be aggregated into a zip file and uploaded via Blackboard,
adhering to the naming conventions described below for the individual
files.  The zip file should be named using the convention:
SURNAME-FIRSTNAME-STUDENTNUMBER-CS7IS4-PEER-REVIEWS.zip
as described in the first set of lecture notes.

The student number and surname will be removed from the files that
are returned to authors.

For each question where a scale is used, the intended scale is from 1
to 5, where 5 is the score for the best possible contribution and 1 is
the score for work that is at the opposite end of the spectrum.  For
each category of rating, justify your rating and provide feedback on
how the work could be improved.

If a question addresses a section of the paper for which the current
draft has no text or only a place-holder section heading, you may
provide the rating "0" and comment accordingly.

If any item is such that you feel you do not understand it, then use
your comments for the item to indicate how you made sense of the item
and provide a rating and constructive commentary to the authors in
relation of your understanding of the question (noting that if your
understanding of the item makes it identical to another item, then it
is best to apply synonymy avoidance to arrive at a distinct
understanding of the item rather than evaluating the paper with
respect to the same question twice).

Reviews will be marked on the basis of the quality of feedback
provided.


0)  Indicate the title and authorship of the article reviewed.

1)  Is the title succinct and apt with respect to the essay content?

Rating:

Comments:


2)  Does the abstract accurately and concisely set the context for the
  work and indicate the main hypotheses?

Rating:

Comments:


3)  Are the keywords appropriate?

Rating:

Comments:


4)  Does the essay present clearly the research topic and the research
    questions to be pursued within the essay research?

Rating:

Comments:


5)  Does the research review synthesize a background literature within
    a conceptual framework that the authors propose and defend, making
    clear how the research questions pursued are left open by prior
    literature?

Rating:

Comments:

    Subsection 2.2 focuses on text similarity. The Jaccard and cosine similarities are mentioned, but there is no discussion of how the vectores used in Jaccard and cosine similarity might be generated. Details on this aspect of the conceptual framework would be beneficial, e.g. is it proposed that vector representations be generated in a supervised or unsupervised fashion?

    Finally, there appears to be no intention on the part of the authors to identify questions about text-similarity analysis left open in the literature, rather they are proposing to use existing analysis methods, which is reasonable.


6)  Does the detailed statement of the research question and
    hypotheses make clear how the quantities used to measure texts
    are adequate as measures of the theoretical constructs
    explored?
    

Rating:

Comments:

7) Does the methods section indicate clearly what corpora will be
   required for text categories and what sources will be adopted for
   any separate categories of information in support of answering the
   research questions?

Rating:

Comments:

8)  Does the description of research methods indicate how the
    corpus will be processed in order to assess it according to
    the categorization scheme proposed within the essay?

Rating:

Comments:

9)  Does the description of research methods indicate how the relevant
    quantities and qualities will be measured and assessed,
    stipulating what would count as a confirmation of the authors'
    hypotheses and what would count as falsification of the authors'
    hypotheses?

Rating:

Comments:


10) Are the research methods proposed appropriate to the question addressed?

Rating:

Comments:


11) Does the underlying research result in the assembly of a data set
    that will be useful to the wider research community?

Rating:

Comments:


12) Are results clearly provided?

Rating:

Comments:


13) Does the discussion of results provide a clear interpretation,
    with reference to the research questions posed?

Rating:

Comments:


14) Do the conclusions emphasize how the interpreted results
    contribute to the literature?

Rating:

Comments:


15) Are tables and figures clearly annotated and captioned?

Rating:

Comments:

16) Does the essay present comprehensive bibliographic details for
    the printed editions works cited?

Rating:

Comments:

17) Is the essay well written in a scholarly mode of presentation?

Rating:

Comments:

18) Does the description of individual contributions suggest an
    equitable division of labour?

Rating:

Comments:


19) Does the description of individual contributions provide
    sufficiently rich description of the individual contributions in
    a manner that allows an independent reader to assess who
    contributed what and in a fashion that justifies any percentage
    estimates of work?

Rating:

Comments:


20) Are there qualities of this paper would you argue that your own
    group should try to emulate?  Comment on what qualities those are.


Rating:

Comments:


21) Are there qualities of this paper would you argue that your own
    group should try to avoid?  Comment on what qualities those are.

Rating:

Comments:


22) Is this work a good candidate for a "best paper" prize?

Rating:

Comments:
